New methods and science-based
innovations are essential in
minimising the local and global
emissions of vehicles.
Especially now as new technologies
are entering the market,
their impact must be studied
to understand the path
towards a cleaner future.
VTT’s excellence and expertise
enable our partners and customers
to develop further
fuel concepts,
energy efficient internal
combustion engines,
vehicle performance, and exhaust
after-treatment systems.
We enhance new
low emission concepts
that increase engine
and vehicle efficiency.
We develop flexible solutions
with our vast know-how
of carbon neutral energy and
low emission options
from fuels, engines and
emission control systems
to the in-depth
characterisation of emissions.
With our capacity
building projects,
we help our clients
to improve their skills
regarding emission measurements.
For VTT, the premise of
measurement is always reliability
without reliable measurements,
we are not able to create
solutions necessary for reducing emissions.
In our laboratory facilities,
we have all the necessary infrastructure
for studying and measuring emissions,
including engine dynamometers
for high-speed engines,
test benches for exhaust gas
after-treatment systems
and vehicle test facilities.
From controlled environments
to field simulations,
from passenger cars to trucks,
and power plants to ships,
we have the required
equipment to study and develop
technologies for measuring and
reducing engine emissions.